Fix: Programmer warns of dect firmware file name (#476)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-programmer: Changelog.md

## 4.4.2 - unreleased

### Fixed

> -   Now DECT modem firmware is correctly detected for 91x family.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   The DECT modem firmware is now correctly detected for nRF91x1 devices.
```
91x is not allowed, and 91x is not a family: https://nordicsemi.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/MAR/pages/132940950/Product+names
